add ECR guide and link to it from admin dash page (#682)
okteto/docs: src/content/admin/registry-credentials/amazon-ecr.mdx

---
title: Amazon ECR
description: Get Private Registry credentials from Amazon ECR 
sidebar_label: Amazon ECR
id: amazon-ecr
---

> This tutorial will guide you on how to use a private registry in Amazon Web Services, its necessary credentials, and how to use it in Okteto.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial will guide you on how to use ECR private registry in Amazon Web Services with Okteto and how to configure its necessary credentials.
```

The steps to do it are: 

1. Create User with access to ECR
1. Get User Credentials
1. Okteto config with credentials
1. Add credentials to the Okteto Dashboard

## Step 1: Create User with access to ECR

> Create IAM user with `aws cli` ([CLI Reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/reference/iam/create-user.html))

Reviewer: Let's add `aws` as a requirement, as we do in the EKS guide:
https://www.okteto.com/docs/1.19/get-started/install/amazon-eks/#installation-requirements

```
aws iam create-user --user-name private-registry-user

aws iam attach-user-policy \
--policy-arn arn:aws:iam::aws:policy/AmazonEC2ContainerRegistryReadOnly \
--user-name private-registry-user
```

> Or, configure manually. Find the `IAM Service` in the **AWS Console,** and follow this steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or, configure manually. Find the `IAM Service` in the **AWS Console,** and follow these steps:
```

- *Users → Create User*
- Add User *Name*
- Add *Policy Option*
- Search for *ContainerRegistry* (for this example I’m adding **ReadOnly**)
- Create User

:::info

> It is more recommended to use groups, and add the user and policy to that group

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended to use groups, and add the user and policy to that group
```
